Translated faq.md by iSnip (#20)
LittleSkinCommspt/LittleSkinManualDev: en/faq.md

## Client loading related

### Why do I set up the material on the website, but it doesn't show/update in game?

This is a very common problem. In most cases, this problem is caused by the following four reasons:

1. You did not install and configure the skin mod correctly;
2. Other mods you installed (such as NonUpdate) interfere with the connection between the skin mod and LittleSkin;
3. Your material is cached by your skin mod;
4. You are using the Alex model skin and your Minecraft version is lower than 1.8.

The solutions are:

1. Install and configure the skin mod correctly. You can learn how to properly configure the skin mod in [Beginner's Guide - Configuring Mod](/newbee/mod.html);
2. Remove these mods, or let them bypass the connection between the skin mod and LittleSkin;
3. Wait a few minutes and try again. If it still doesn't update, try clearing your skin mod's cache (ie deleting the corresponding folder):
    - CustomSkinLoader's cache is located in `.minecraft/CustomSkinLoader/caches`;
    - SkinPort's cache is located in `.minecraft/cachedImages`
4. Change the skin mod, or change to the material of the Steve model:
    - For 1.7.10, use SkinPort to load materials;

>     - For earlier versions, there is currently no solution, please change to the skin of the Steve model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For earlier versions, there is currently no solution, please change to the skin using the Steve model.
```

> If you are sure that your problem is not caused by the above reasons, or after you follow the above solutions, the texture of your character still does not display or update, please read [Report the correct pose for problems](/report.html) Then bring your skin mod log, join the [official user exchange group](/user-group.html) or [send an email ticket](/email.html) to inquire, or directly purchase one-to-one remote technical support services .

Reviewer: **AND AGAIN**, check the title/subtitle of another file before using it as a reference.

```suggestion
If you are sure that your problem is not caused by the above reasons, or after you follow the above solutions, the texture of your character still does not display or update, please read [How to report a problem](/report.html) Then bring your skin mod log, join the [official user group](/user-group.html) or [send an email ticket](/email.html) to get help, or directly purchase an one-to-one remote technical support services.
```

### Skins are displayed normally in single player but not in multiplayer?

> This situation often occurs when using Yggdrasil external login for server online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This situation often occurs when using Yggdrasil external login for online servers.
```

Due to Minecraft's texture loading mechanism, in multiplayer games, textures can only be loaded if the server has online mode (`online-mode`) enabled. If you're playing on a server that doesn't have authlib-injector loaded and LittleSkin's Yggdrasil API is configured correctly, the textures won't load when the server is online.

> If you need to load materials in the server online, and you are the server owner, please also load and configure the authlib-injector correctly on the server; otherwise, please use the skin mod to load the materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to load materials on the online server, and you are the server owner, please load and configure the authlib-injector correctly on the server; otherwise, please use the skin mod to load the materials.
```

### Why can't I load materials with the Universal Skin Mod?

> For some technical reasons, LittleSkin no longer supports UniSkinAPI as of January 2020. You can still load materials via traditional loading, but we recommend users who load materials with the Universal Skin Mod to switch to CustomSkinLoader as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some technical reasons, LittleSkin no longer supports UniSkinAPI since January 2020. You can still load materials via traditional loading, but we recommend users who load materials with the Universal Skin Mod switch to CustomSkinLoader as soon as possible.
```

### Launcher failed to download authlib-injector

> Although there may be various errors, they are generally caused by network reasons. Please change the download source in the launcher and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although there may be various errors, they are generally caused by network problems. Please change the download source in the launcher and try again.
```

> If you use HMCL 3, if you still get an error after changing the download source, please download authlib-injector manually and put it in `%appdata%\.hmcl\` (Windows) or `$HOME/.hmcl/` (Linux and macOS) ) and renamed to `authlib-injector.jar`. Users of other launchers should consult the launcher author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using HMCL 3, and still get an error after changing the download source, please download authlib-injector manually and put it in `%appdata%\.hmcl\` (Windows) or `$HOME/.hmcl/` (Linux and macOS) and rename it to `authlib-injector.jar`. Users of other launchers should consult the launcher author.
```

### Others can't see my texture?

Materials from LittleSkin can only be loaded if the Skin Mod is **properly installed and configured**.

If you want others to see your textures, please have them install and configure the skin mod correctly as well.

> ### Does LittleSkin support Minecraft China (China)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does LittleSkin support Minecraft China Edition?
```

Depends on whether the skin mod you are using supports Minecraft China Edition.

> We haven't tested it, but from what we know so far, CustomSkinLoader works well in Minecraft China with some special handling of the Minecraft China client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We haven't tested it, but from what we know so far, CustomSkinLoader works well in Minecraft China Edition with some special handling of the Minecraft China client.
```

> We do not recommend users to use LittleSkin in Minecraft China, which may put you at risk of being banned by NetEase. We do not provide technical support to users who want to use LittleSkin in Minecraft China, even if you are a donor. The user's use of LittleSkin in Minecraft China is the user's personal behavior and has nothing to do with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not recommend users to use LittleSkin in Minecraft China Edition, which may put you at risk of being banned by NetEase. We do not provide technical support to users who want to use LittleSkin in Minecraft China Edition, even if you are a donor. The user's use of LittleSkin in Minecraft China Edition is the user's personal behaviour and has nothing to do with us.
```
